At the moment the show I.P not statistics shows me that I have one active translation and zero dynamic
and zero extended the outside interfaces all fast.
Ethan at 0 1 insight into faces is first.
Ethan it is 0 0.
I've had a certain number of hits a certain number of packets have been translated by Ceph expired translations
is five.
Now telnet back to Rotto 1
show the net translations shows me that I now have about active net translation and when I look at statistics
and notice I have two translations one being static and one being done Nemec the number of hits has
also increased.
I have one extended translation and extended Natu translation maps one IP address and port page to another.
So I have one IP address and port number mapped to another on my Rodda all use Control shift 6 x to
jump back to router 3 and tell that back again to run a 1 looking at the statistics.
Now I see that I have three translations one being static to dynamic to extended and we can see that
again by using the show IP net translations command these are static entry.
Here the two dynamic entries that have been created from that static entry.